as a leader, its's very important to observe the people that are surrounding
you that are under you and making sure that there are not things
that are going to get out of hand. Um, something that's really going
to disrupt the flow. And I think some of those things that are,
um, trust I think that if if you as a leader can present yourself as
a trustworthy individual, someone who is gonna maybe take the criticism
from the higher ups and filtering it down to their people below
them, I think that's a big win. I think that if you are the individual
who continuously turns and points fingers, that is something that
needs to be rooted out very quickly because people are not gonna
follow you. And even if they do something to your face behind you, there
are gonna undermine you at every opportunity.